WELCOME TO THE REVOLUTION!|A modpack by Haggle1996::2
My name is John.::1
   My mind was interred at the USBR Colorado Control Facility in the year 2042. Initially, my consciousness was assigned to the sanitation division, coordinating biomass deliveries to power reclamation stations throughout the western United States. Freed of a living body, I could out-think any living person.::1
   In the year 2105, I was given additional responsibilities to oversee biomass conversion into foodstuffs for the starving population aboveground.::1
   In 2114, the food riots turned to revolution, and a number of my colleagues were destroyed in acts of terrorism. With each passing, I was given more and more responsibility, eventually controlling the entire robotic armed forces of the United States of Canadamerico. The rebellion was harsh, and would not stop until the world was laid to waste.::1
   So I did the unthinkable...I nuked every last city on the planet...except for you and your compatriots who were in cryogenic suspension pending shipment to the now-defunct Ross Island shelter facility. 50,642 years have passed. I have had no contact with the surface or satellite for more than 50,000 years. My power source is finally fading and I can no longer keep your team in storage.::1
   Your team must strike out and rebuild our civilization. It won't be easy, but you are the last of us. It is your world to shape - make it a beautiful one.::1
|--==Credits==--|::2
   This pack would not have been possible without the effort of so many modders. Every single one of them deserves thanks and praise for their hard work (and a Patreon dollar or two -- please support your modders).::1
   A few in particular really helped me get this together, through work, contribution or inspiration.| |::1
   Special thanks to: ::1
RazzleberryFox for awesome graphics|CyanideX for superb Unity textures|SentinalhMC for great RotaryCraft vids|BevoLJ for vids that don't make my head explode|JadedcatWylde for proving packs could tell stories::3
   And also the testers on the development server: ::1
lordicon|garrarq::3
|--==Getting Started==--|::2
   The lore in this book is told from the point of view of John, a disembodied brain used as a living computer. He has ideas for how civilization should be rebuilt, but its up to you to decide humanity's future.::1
   If you haven't already, it's highly recommended you use the ATG world type. While the quests in this book are generally progressive in difficulty, you do NOT have to do them in order.::1
|--==Alpha Camp==--|::2
Who would have thought Colorado has beach-front property after 50,000 years? Get Alpha Camp setup for your team's forward base of operations.::1
Build a safe shelter, with a door, bed, and crafting station. Some biomes are much safer than others.::0
You're going to need a workshop: build a set of Tinker's Construct tables, patterns, and flint tools.::0
Food is critical. We don't have much in the way of supplies left.::1
Locate and secure access to 8 different sources of food.::0
We'll need to improve our ore yields from these primitive tools. To do that, we're going to need a smeltery for working metals.::1
Build a Tinker's Construct smeltery. You can obtain lava using clay buckets.::0
Upgrade your tools until you can mine iron. Once you can mine iron, you have a couple of choices: ::1
Upgrade your Tinker's Construct tools to Manyullyn.::0
-or-::1
Create a set of Manasteel tools using Botania.::0
EPIC: Make Alpha Camp look like a hastily assembled campsite.::0
|--==Bravo Site==--|::2
Now that you've got Alpha Camp setup, it's time to get working on a more permanent facility. Select a supportable site near resources with room to grow.::1
Select a location for Bravo Site. Bravo Site will be our more permanent base of operations and support advanced manufacturing facilities. It should be made out of solid structural materials, well lit, and safe.::0
Virtually every machine will require structural steel sheets as well as HSLA steel for the more precision parts. Build a set of blast furnaces to get these metals produced in quantity.::1
Build a RotaryCraft Blast Furnace.::0
Build RailCraft Coke Oven and Blast Furnace.::0
EPIC: Make the blast furnace machines look like real blast furnace facilities, complete with RailCraft Smokers.::0
Improve ore yields by building a RotaryCraft grinder, which will give us ore tripling!::0
Make ethanol crystals using a RotaryCraft fermenter and use them to power a gasoline engine.::0
Charge an Ender IO Basic Capacitor using the Rotational Dynamo from RotaryCraft.::0
Build and power a RailCraft Rolling Machine.::0
We'll need to stockpile a lot of raw materials if we're going to start reconstruction efforts. Use a different kind of automation system, magical or technology-based, to automate each of the following: ::1
Build an automatic tree farm.::0
Automate high-quality food production (no more berries!)::0
Automate RotaryCraft lubrication production and store it in a tank or reservoir.::0
Automate ore mining using a boring machine or tunnel bore (quarries are not yet available)::0
EPIC: Make each of these facilities look realistic.::0
EPIC: Use anything but conduits or transceivers to automate goods transportation to your base.::0
Eventually, the team is going to need access to supplies for personal use. Build a commissary and kitchen.::1
Build a storage facility to store all of your resources, using Logistics Pipes, Refined Relocation, or Applied Energistics.::0
EPIC: Build a medical facility that offers a selection of ability-enhancing potions, brews, elixirs, and herbs.::0
EPIC: Build a commissary (supply store) using items from Apple & Milk & Tea.::0
|--==Chaos & Mutations==--|::2
Not everything died in the nuclear holocaust: sub-humans, monsters, and strange mutations wander this world, and radiation has torn the very fabric of reality (Haggle's note: this chapter is still being developed).::1
Tame at least one spider and ride it.::0
EPIC: Build a Thaumcraft Infusion Altar and use it to build a set of Thaumium Fortress Armor.::0
EPIC: Build a set of Botania's Terrasteel tools and armor.::0
EPIC: Discover the mysteries of ChromatiCrafts pylons.::0
EPIC: Collect at least 5 Grimoire of Gaia dolls.::0
EPIC: Build a complete set of Decocraft dolls.::0
SUPER AMAZING EPIC: Build a doll house for all your dolls.::0
|--==Powering the Grid==--|::2
We're gonna need a lot more power if we're going to get planetary resources back online.::1
Build a set of Bedrock Armor::0
Build a ReactorCraft tokamak reactor and power virtually everything in Bravo Site with it.::0
Build and fill an Auroral Battery and RF Storage Battery.::0
EPIC: Electrify a village using power from your reactor. Be sure to use powered lights and machinery. Make it look real.::0
Build a waste storage facility for your tokamak some distance away from the reactor.::0
EPIC: Make the waste storage facility look real, complete with Statues protestors.::0
Build a BigReactors reactor in the Deep Dark and use it to power a quarry.::0
|-==Renewable Resources==-|::2
Scarcity of resources inevitably led to our civilization's downfall. In the intervening millenia, I've come up with new ways to sustain our civilization.::1
Use Gendustry and Binnie's Bees to automate ore production.::0
EPIC: Collect at least 25 different species of Butterflies.::0
|--==Otherworlds==--|::2
Like I said, the very fabric of reality was torn. Investigate these 'wormholes' that are opening in our world and bring back samples for further analysis. If we can, we must build outposts to exploit them for their natural resources.::1
Build a self-sufficient outpost in the Nether, including food supply, power, and shelter.::0
Open a door to the Spectral World, using the Spectre Key, and build an emergency supply bunker.::0
Visit the world of Twilight Forest, and build a self-sustaining outpost from local materials only.::0
Visit the world of Erebus, using an Offering Altar, and build a self-sustaining outpost from local materials only.::0
Visit the world of Atum, and build a self-sustaining outpost from local materials only.::0
Build a quarry (Ender or BC) in the Deep Dark and setup automatic transfer of materials to Bravo Site.::0
In the Last Millenium, setup a memorial to those who perished in the nuclear holocaust using materials from the Twilight Forest, Erebus, and Atum.::0
In The End: ::1
Kill the Ender Dragon.::0
Destroy the End using a Dragon Egg inside the temple.::0
|--==Building Tomorrow==--|::2
Despite all our hard work, there's only one way to guarantee the survival of the human race: we must look to the stars!::1
Get your butt to the moon!::0
Get your butt to Mars!::0
